Also the Raptor 60 has direct access to the know-how of the by all means best boot on the Worldcup. The technology of the Raptor encourages you as ambitious advanced junior on your way to higher spheres. Considering race balance the Raptor 60 does not make any compromises. The forward lean of the boot guarantees aggressive driving behaviour. The inner shoe with self-shaping footbed fits perfectly. To maintain your momentum four micro-adjustable alloy buckles give your boot stability.
Junior race enthusiasts can stay centered and recover easier thanks to the Raptor WCR 70's centered stance and absorption capabilities from HEAD's innovative use of thermoplastic. With a 96-mm last, a short cuff and long toe box for toe articulation, this boot's design comes from the feedback of Worldcup racers. Along with a FIS approved sole, the boot features Flex Performance tuning and Rear support tuning with an adjustable flex of 70 to 80. The Raptor WCR 70 delivers an athletic fit and responsive feel thanks to the JR WCR HF Pro liner with a lace-up option, a 45mm Velcro strap and four micro-adjustable low-profile racing alloy buckles.
This pro model takes HEAD's innovative use of new thermoplastic to a new level of absorption capabilities. The RAPTOR WCR 130S PV has a 96-mm last, a deep heel pocket, a long toe box for toe articulation, and a Race Stance that allows skiers to remain more centered. Along with a FIS approved sole, the boot features Flex Performance tuning and Rear support tuning, with an adjustable flex of 140 to 130. The WCR Pro liner is customizable with Liquid Fit, an adjustable tongue, and a booster Velcro strap. Four micro-adjustable low-profile buckles deliver an optimum athletic fit and responsive feel.
The RAPTOR WCR 115 W PV has a new level of absorption capabilities thanks to HEAD's innovative use of new thermoplastic. With a 96-mm last, a short cuff to accommodate low calf muscles, and a long toe box for toe articulation, this boot helps skiers to remain centered. Along with a FIS approved sole, the boot features Flex Performance tuning and Rear support tuning, with an adjustable flex of 125 to 115. The RAPTOR WCR 115 W PV W delivers optimum foot wrap and a responsive feel thanks to the customizable WCR Pro liner, an adjustable tongue, a 40mm Velcro strap and four micro-adjustable, low-profile buckles.
The new FORMULA 130 LV GW offers high-level frontside performance and a comfort-oriented customizable fit thanks to race-ready features and a bootfitter-friendly design. The FORMULA 130 LV GW has a 98-mm last, an extended toe box for toe articulation and a Race balanced stance that allows skiers to be more centered. The shell has an adjustable flex of 140 to 130, cuff alignment capabilities and four micro-adjustable Spine-Flex low profile buckles. The 3D Pro Formula liner has heel and ankle supporting Liquid Fit and a 50mm Velcro strap for an athletic wrap.
HEAD's new FORMULA 110 LV GW combines the best of both worlds: high performance with all-day comfort. Race knowledge from the Raptor series and bootfitter-approved customizable features make up the FORMULA 110 LV GW's design, including an extended toe box for toe articulation, a Race balance stance that allows skiers to be more centered, and a 98-mm last. The shell has an adjustable flex of 120 to 110, cuff alignment capabilities and four micro-adjustable Spine-Flex low profile buckles. The 3D Pro Formula liner has heel and ankle supporting Liquid Fit and a 45mm Velcro strap for a pinch-free athletic wrap.
Top-notch performance and all-day comfort are prioritized in the FORMULA 95 W LV GW. HEAD combines Raptor race knowledge and bootfitter-approved customizable features in the FORMULA 95 W LV GW's women-specific design, including a short cuff, an extended toe box for toe articulation, and a balanced stance that allows women to be more centered. The shell has an adjustable flex of 105 to 95, HEAD's Women's double adjustment cuff alignment and four micro-adjustable low profile buckles. The 3D Formula liner has a 98-mm last, heel and ankle supporting and a 35mm Velcro strap for a snug, supportive wrap.
With every detail designed to optimize both fit and performance, the Kaliber 110 MV GW BOA2 allows advanced skiers to unlock their potential. The BOA Fit System features dual dials designed to deliver a microadjustable precision fit, optimizing the wrap around the leg and foot. The bi-injected construction provides power where need with softer plastic for an even footwrap. The newly-designed 3D Synapse Evo liner is thinner and more anatomical, with Graphene woven in to help keep feet warm or cool as needed and Liquid Fit material for quick customization of critical areas of the boot.