Meant to be reinvented, Brigade Index MIPS® is the first fully recyclable ski and snowboard helmet on the market. Made with at least 96% of materials from the same origin, it features top-end safety while still being fully recyclable once you’re done using it. A little reflection goes a long way - nothing is lost, and plenty can be gained.
Designed for those always looking for an excuse to hit the slopes, Salomon’s Husk Pro MIPS® is a minimalist helmet that combines a sharp design with top-notch safety, ventilation and fit technologies. Get out and enjoy your turns knowing this cool-looking helmet is keeping you comfortable and safe no matter how hard you choose to go.
Designed for those always looking for an excuse to hit the slopes, Salomon’s Husk Pro MIPS® is a minimalist helmet that combines a sharp design with top-notch safety, ventilation and fit technologies. Get out and enjoy your turns knowing this cool-looking helmet is keeping you comfortable and safe no matter how hard you choose to go.
Designed for those always looking for an excuse to hit the slopes, Salomon’s Husk Pro MIPS® is a minimalist helmet that combines a sharp design with top-notch safety, ventilation and fit technologies. Get out and enjoy your turns knowing this cool-looking helmet is keeping you comfortable and safe no matter how hard you choose to go.
Meant to be reinvented, Brigade Index is the first fully recyclable ski and snowboard helmet on the market. Made with at least 96% of materials from the same origin, it makes no compromises on safety or style, and can be fully recycled once you’re done using it. A little reflection goes a long way - nothing is lost, and plenty can be gained.
Built for young skiers and snowboarders looking to protect their head without unnecessarily weighing it down, Salomon’s Orka is a superlight junior helmet you will want to wear all winter. Featuring a Custom Dial adjustment and low-profile shell, it is easy to make it perfectly fit any youngster’s head shape.
WaveCel® Ski & Snowboard Helmet. The Merak WaveCel is fully loaded with 19 vents, advanced impact protection, and premium comfort and fit features in a durable hybrid molded construction.Anon's Merak WaveCel helmet pairs revolutionary WaveCel protection with the dual hybrid construction of the ding-resistant durability of an endure-shell on top and a featherweight in-mold construction on the bottom with 19 active ventilation channels. WaveCel is a collapsible cellular structure that lines the inside of the helmet and can reduce impact and rotational force by flexing to reduce initial force, crumpling to lower impact velocity, and gliding to help redirect energy away from the head. A 360° BOA® Fit System offers a quick, micro-adjustable fit with the turn of a dial, and the Fidlock® magnetic helmet strap buckle allows for easy one-hand operation, even with gloves.
WaveCel® Ski & Snowboard Helmet. Equipped with WaveCel® impact technology featuring a perfected fit for round shaped heads with a lightweight and low-profile look and feel.The Anon Oslo WaveCel Helmet pairs 3D cellular protection with an in-mold construction featuring a lightweight shell with an EPS and WaveCel liner designed in a sleek, low-profile style. WaveCel technology distributes impact energy to help reduce direct and rotational impact forces to the head. A 360° BOA® Fit System provides quick, on-the-fly fit adjustment with the turn of a dial, and the Fidlock® magnetic helmet strap buckle allows for easy one-hand operation, even with gloves. Two integrated vents keep air circulating for fog-free goggles and all-day comfort. The plush fleece liner and ear pads provide warmth and moisture-wicking for maximum comfort.
Youth Ski & Snowboard Helmet. A classic skate shape with a hardshell construction that is multiseason certified.The kids' Anon Rime 3 Helmet is multiseason certified for wear on the mountain, bike, and skate. Its hardshell exterior offers everyday durability, and our auto-adjust fit design provides hassle-free comfort. The liner and ear pads are removable for warm weather wear, while integrated vent channels keep the air moving for all-day comfort. The Fidlock® buckle offers easy one-handed operation, even with gloved hands.
MIPS® Ski & Snowboard Helmet. Micro-adjustable fit, fleece-lined warmth, and a lightweight feel with MIPS crash technology.The Anon Rodan MIPS® Helmet features in-mold shell construction for a lightweight feel with a sleek, low-profile fit. The MIPS (Multidirectional Impact Protection System) helps reduce angled impact forces for increased crash safety. A 360° BOA® Fit System provides quick, on-the-fly fit adjustment with the turn of a dial, and the Fidlock® magnetic helmet strap buckle allows for easy one-hand operation, even with gloves. Integrated venting keeps air moving for fog-free goggles and all-day comfort. The plush fleece liner and ear pads offer maximum warmth and moisture-wicking comfort.