Winter Neck Warmer. Our do-it-all-weight neck warmer for everyday coverage. MFI compatibility ensures a seamless connection with your goggles.The Anon MFI® Lightweight Neck Warmer protects your face and neck from wind, sun, and cold with our exclusive magnetic connection that seals the face panel to any MFI-compatible Anon goggles. Lightweight fabric offers the perfect amount of warmth and breathability for cool to mild conditions. The vent panel at the mouth ensures fog-free performance. The magnets in this balaclava are easily removed for machine washing or when you choose to wear it with non-MFI goggles.
Winter Neck Warmer. A midweight neck warmer for fog-free warmth on cold days. MFI compatibility ensures a seamless connection with your goggles.The Anon MFI® Midweight Neck Warmer protects your face and neck from wind, sun, and cold with our exclusive magnetic connection that seals the face panel to any MFI-compatible Anon goggles. Versatile midweight fabric offers the perfect amount of warmth and breathability for any weather condition. The vent panel at the mouth ensures fog-free performance. The magnets in this neck warmer are easily removed for machine washing or when you choose to wear it with non-MFI goggles.
Winter Balaclava. Adapt your coverage as mountain conditions change with the Anon MFI® Hellbrook Balaclava Face Mask.The Anon MFI® Hellbrook Balaclava Face Mask is a lightweight balaclava with the benefit of a hinging MFI face mask. Its lightweight design offers an unchanged helmet fit for full-day comfort. The hinging MFI face mask magnetically connects with MFI-compatible Anon goggles for seamless coverage from cold, stormy conditions and folds out of the way when not needed.
Winter Neck Warmer. Helmet-compatible fleece hood that sheds snow and offers maximum warmth.The Anon MFI® Fleece Helmet Hood is sized for over-the-helmet wear and offers seamless coverage from wind, sun, and cold with a magnetic connection that seals the face mask to MFI-compatible Anon goggles. It offers the versatile warmth of fleece with nylon panels that shed snow and the breathability to prevent goggles from fogging. The plastic carrier that houses the magnets is easily removed for machine washing or if you choose to wear it with non-MFI goggles.
Replacement Magnetic Face Mask Carrier. A fresh MFI carrier insert for Anon M5, M5S, M4, M4S, Sync, and Nesa goggles.Hit refresh button with the XL Anon Spare MFI® Facemask Carrier, a replacement insert for M6, M6S, M5, M5S, M4, M4S, and Sync goggles. Powerful magnets inside the insert create a connection point for your facemask to attach to your goggles. Together, they provide a hassle-free fit and comfort you can count on all day long.