Step On® Snowboard Binding. The simplicity of Step On® with universal compatability of a Re:Flex base.Step up to Step On®. The men's Burton Step On® Re:Flex Snowboard Bindings pair an intuitive boot-to-binding connection with all-mountain performance. Three connection points, two at the toe and one at the heel, deliver unmatched simplicity, security, and board control.
Step On® EST® Snowboard Binding. All the power and comfort of the Genesis with the ease of Step On®.The men's Burton Step On® Genesis EST Snowboard Bindings bring the intuitive ease of Step On to the team-rider-proven power of the Genesis. They combine the plush cushioning of EST with a baseplate that maintains natural medial/lateral movement for less fatigue and easier ollies. Compatible with boards featuring The Channel® mounting system for the ultimate in flex, feel, and adjustability.
Step On® Snowboard Binding. Step On® simplicity and all-mountain performance.Step up to Step On®. The women's Burton Step On® Re:Flex Snowboard Bindings pair an intuitive boot-to-binding connection with all-mountain performance. Three connection points, two at the toe and one at the heel, deliver unmatched simplicity, security, and board control.
Youth Re:Flex Snowboard Binding. Our Re:Flex bindings with kid-specific flex and adult-grade durability.The kids' Burton Smalls Re:Flex Snowboard Bindings bring kid-specific flex for all-terrain riding. And because kids are hard on their gear, they use the same proven materials and pro-grade ankle straps as our adult gear to keep kids riding lap after lap all season long.
Re:Flex Snowboard Binding. Pro-grade workhorse performance with plenty of cushioning and universal compatibility.Stop settling for less. Get the comfort and response your riding demands from the time-tested Burton Mission Snowboard Bindings. As the workhorse of Burton's lineup, these do-it-all bindings serve up pro-grade reliability to do it all. They've got the full cushioning to match for less fatigue and more ridin
Re:Flex Snowboard Binding. Laid-back flex, all-day comfort, and universal compatibility.Treat your feet to the laid-back, buttery feel of the women's Burton Citizen Re:Flex Snowboard Bindings. They balance a forgiving flex with the support to push your skills and the comfort to cruise all day. They're a breeze to buckle into and built to keep you riding without worrying about your gear.
Step On® Snowboard Binding. Step On® simplicity and the performance suspension of a Kickback Hammock.Supercharge your suspension for a responsive ride with the men's Burton Step On® Genesis Re:Flex Snowboard Bindings. They cradle your heel in complete suspension for increased response and reduced vibration. Maximum cushioning and the simplicity of Step On make for playful bindings that'll have you fussing less and riding longer.
EST® Snowboard Binding. High performance bindings with plenty of cushioning underfoot, exclusivley for Channel® mount boards.Supercharge your suspension for a responsive ride with the men's Burton Genesis EST® Snowboard Bindings. A little softer than our stiffest bindings and loaded with cushioning, the Genesis is made for full days on the mountain where comfort is key. They offer a boot-hugging fit, increased board feel, and reduced vibration for riders who push their gear and their riding.