Step On® Snowboard Boot. The pinnacle Highshot boot with Burton BOA® Triple Dial PerformFit™ Wrap lacing, our best liner, and Step On® ease.Made for those who like a responsive, powerful boot, the men's Burton Highshot X Pro Step On® Snowboard Boots give you total control of boot fit and tensioning to match its powerful flex. The Burton BOA® Triple Dial PerformFit™ Wrap Fit System lets you independently adjust the upper plus internal lower and ankle zones. The three-zone system offers a new level of control to dial in fit to match the boot's power. The high-performance outsole balances weight and durability for outstanding response and traction. We're talking high-performance from the inside out, and a true step-on-and-go program for riders who like to rip.
Step On® Snowboard Boot. All-around performance with a responsive flex, the micro-adjustable fit of Sequence BOA® lacing, and the ease of Step On®.Made for those who like a responsive, powerful boot, the men's Burton Highshot Step On® Snowboard Boots give you total control of boot fit and tensioning to match its powerful flex. A Sequence BOA® Fit System lets you control the shell closure and tension around your foot with a single dial. Add out-of-the-box comfort, and we're talking about a true step-on-and-go program for riders who like to rip.
Step On® Snowboard Boot. All-around performance with a responsive flex, the total control of Dual-Zone BOA® lacing, and the ease of Step On®Made for those who like a responsive, powerful boot, the women's Burton Highshot X Step On® Snowboard Boots give you total control of boot fit and tensioning to match its powerful flex. A Dual-Zone BOA® Fit System lets you independently adjust the upper and lower boot tension for a custom, micro-adjustable fit and feel. Add out-of-the-box comfort, and we're talking about a true step-on-and-go program for riders who like to rip.
Youth Step On® Snowboard Boot. Step On® simplicity and kid-friendly BOA® Fit System adjustably.That's right, just step on and ride. The kids' Burton Smalls Step On® Snowboard Boots set young riders up with a system that they can master quickly. No shortcuts here, just real-deal performance and features designed to keep kids independent and moving ahead.
Snowboard Boot with BOA® Fit System. Medium flex and a responsive feel with a Dual-Zone BOA® Fit System for precise fit control.With a legacy of pushing personal skills to the pro level, the men's Burton Ruler Snowboard Boots are the choice for stepping to larger drops, hitting burlier features, and pushing your skills. The ability to independently dial in the tension between the upper and forefoot lets you fine tune the fit and feel to match your ambitions. Their proven formula creates a medium stiff, responsive feel that's equally nimble and powerful. Warm feet and a custom fit keep you riding longer and thinking about your feet less.
Snowboard Boot with BOA® Fit System. Foot-hugging comfort and a medium flex with Dual-Zone BOA® Fit system for precise fit control.Jib, butter, and carve the day away with foot-hugging comfort right out of the box. Talk about everything you need in one boot, the women's Burton Limelight BOA® Snowboard Boots combine user-friendly tech and foot-hugging comfort with a medium flex for an all-around playful ride. The ability to evenly snug the entire boot improves comfort and responsiveness. And say hello to warm feet and the kind of comfort that leaves you focused on what run you're gonna do next.
Snowboard Boot with BOA® Fit System. Lightweight, soft-flexing with BOA® Fit System adjustability.Soft and forgiving. Light and comfortable. The proven comfort of the men's Burton Moto Snowboard Boots will have you focusing on your moves and skills and not your boots as you explore the mountain or the park. Micro-adjustable tensioning helps you fine-tune the fit and feel to match the day, the run, and your style with the quick turn of a dial. Their soft flex lets you get creative with side hits and natural features, and they're loaded with tech to keep your feet warm and comfy, so all you need to think about is which run to hit next.
Step On® Snowboard Boot. Step On® Convenience. Ion Performance.The men's Burton Ion Step On® Snowboard Boots combine the legendary fit and flex of the Ion boot with the intuitive ease of Step On®. The Ion's firm flex supports full-speed-ahead charging. Speedzone lacing and a BOA® adjustable snugger strap provide secure foot hold. Add out-of-the-box comfort, and we're talking about a true step on and go program for riders who like to rip.
Youth Snowboard Boot with BOA® Fit System. A performance boot for kids with micro-adjustability of a BOA® Fit System.Inside and out, the kids' Burton Smalls BOA® Snowboard Boots are a kid-tested, parent-approved winner for maximum fun and fuss-free function. No shortcuts here, just real-deal performance and features designed to keep kids moving ahead.
Snowboard Boot with BOA® Fit System. Responsive flex, a Vibram® outsole, and a Dual-Zone BOA® Fit System for precise fit control.The only thing you need to worry about when you're riding in the women's Burton Felix BOA® Snowboard Boots is what run to hit next. They're packed with the tech to keep you warm and dry plus a micro-adjustable fit that locks in a secure hold and lets you dial in the feel of the upper and lower to match your feet. And it's all packed into a responsive flex that encourages a relaxed stance and all-terrain versatility.