Made with a recycled ABS core for ultimate versatility when exploring the outdoors, Salomon's Outpath 65 is perfect for backcountry and on-piste. 3/4 steel edges enhance stability, and Prolink Access binding adds secure performance. The specific BC rocker and sidecut concept ensure superior stability and control anywhere you go.
With its 3D construction and lightweight core, Salomon's Escape Snow 59 Grip skis offer consistent maneuverability and stability both on and off the tracks. Perfect for both sport enthusiasts and recreational skiers, these skis come pre-mounted with the reliable Prolink Auto Classic binding for added safety and convenience.
Built for skiers wanting performance in all conditions, Salomon's RC8 eSkin skis offer classic performance without daily waxing. The eSkinGrip+ insert delivers a precise, secure and silent grip, while the brand-new reverse-fishbone Stringer Core offers lightweight and a more performant ski. Delivered premounted with a Shift binding.
Salomon's RS7 is a performance-inspired skating ski set that delivers smooth glide and stable, easy skiing. Simply slide on the stable, lightweight, and adjustable Shift binding and go.
Salomon's Escape 51 Grip ski set is made to upgrade your touring adventures. This sporty classic, designed for maximum stability, control, and glide, features a low heel-toe camber and G2 Synchro grip for a secure, waxless kick, and an S-Cut shape for more control. Pre-mounted with the reliable Prolink Access Classic binding for added convenience.
Engineered for the deepest powder and steepest lines, the KORE 118 Ti is built for skiers who crave the freedom of untouched terrain. The 118 mm waist width delivers exceptional float and stability, allowing you to glide effortlessly through thick snow. Crafted with a Karuba-Beech wood core and reinforced with two layers of Titanal, this ski offers unmatched strength and responsiveness. The redesigned rocker and shape ensure smooth transitions and superior control while the durable hybrid top surface provides extra protection against wear. Whether you’re dropping into the backcountry or tackling massive descent, the KORE 118 Ti is designed to handle the biggest lines.
Push the boundaries of big mountain skiing with the KORE 112 Ti, designed for expert freeskiers, who demand agility, versatility and flotation. With its 112 mm waist width, this ski is built to handle deep powder and challenging terrain. The Karuba-Beech wood core, combined with two layers of Titanal, ensures strength and resilience. Tip and tail rocker allow for smooth turns and optimal control. The durable hybrid top surface keeps scratches to a minimum, ensuring they stay in excellent condition. Get ready for your next backcountry mission, the KORE 112 Ti will fuel your adrenaline as you chase down faceshots on every mountain.
Experience big mountain adventures and off-piste thrills with the KORE 106 Ti. This freeride ski features a Karuba-Beech wood core reinforced with two layers of Titanal, ensuring exceptional stability for deep powder days and challenging terrain. The redesigned tip and tail rocker provides flotation but also delivers precision on groomed runs. Its durable hybrid top surface withstands rough conditions and increases durability. Make the most of your freeride adventure with the KORE 106 Ti.
The KORE 100 Ti is a true multitasker, providing a well-rounded experience for skiers who want to excel on groomed runs as well as off-piste trails. The Karuba-Beech wood core and dual layers of Titanal ensure a strong yet flexible construction that adapts to your skiing style. The hybrid top surface keeps scratches to a minimum and increases durability.Whether you’re cruising down a prepared slope or navigating through fresh powder, the KORE 100 Ti delivers fun and playfulness in every condition.
The KORE 104 Ti W lets you maximize your freeride experience. With a 104 mm waist, this freeride ski is perfect for tackling off-piste terrain. The PET-wood core offers a lightweight yet robust construction, providing a tailored flex specifically for women, while two layers of Titanal ensure excellent stability and edge control. The redesigned rocker ensures smooth turns and easy transitions and the hybrid top surface adds durability for freeride skiers seeking good snow in and out-of-bounds.
The athlete-driven signature Oblivion 116 was developed by HEAD's freeride team pro, Cole Richardson.  With a wide full twin tip platform of 116 mm underfoot, progressive rocker and a weight-conscious core made from poplar wood and recycled PET, the Oblivion 116 floats effortlessly in deep powder. It's easy to handle but powerful when you need, so you can play in any terrain any way that inspires you.